docs/how-it-works/Chat/q4.md, before:

---
sidebar_label: Reply to messages
---
# How do I reply to new incoming messages and close them once I am done?

All new incoming messages are smartly segregated into a list in a single view. There will be 3 professional ticketing list

1. **Unassigned** - The “Unassigned” list is messages that are unattended by any of the team members.
2. **Open** - The “Open” list is where your team member will be replying to messages privately.
3. **Close** - Once a team member has successfully solved a customer’s inquiries, moved the message over to the “Close” list.



:::info Unassigned

The “Unassigned” list is messages that are unattended by any of the team members.

:::

Step 1: Select the message you wish to reply, hover and select the **ASSIGN** button. 

Start replying to your customers by sending text, emojis, attachments, and even a voice note to help them solve their queries.

![image info](../../../static/img/q4/step1.png)

:::info Open

The “Open” list is where your team member will be replying to messages privately.

:::

![image info](../../../static/img/q4/step2.png)

:::info Close

Once a team member has successfully solved a customer’s inquiries, moved the message over to the “Close” list.

:::

Step 2: Once all of your customer queries are resolved, hover and select the **CLOSE** button.

![image info](../../../static/img/q4/step3.png)

Commit message:

Change images with pointers (dots)
Header -2pts,
added intro image,
list margin adjusted,
updated faqs pages

docs/how-it-works/Chat/q4.md, after:

---
sidebar_label: Reply to messages
---
# How do I reply to new incoming messages and close them once I am done?

All new incoming messages are smartly segregated into a list in a single view. There will be 3 professional ticketing lists.

1. **Unassigned** - The “Unassigned” list display messages that are yet to be attended by any of the team members.
2. **Open** - The “Open” list is where your team member will be replying to messages privately.
3. **Close** - Once a team member has successfully solved a customer’s inquiries, moved the message over to the “Close” list.



:::info Unassigned

The “Unassigned” list are messages that are yet to be attended to by any of the team members.

:::

Step 1: Select a message, hover to and select the **ASSIGN** button. 

Start engaging with your customers by sending text, emojis, attachments, and even voice notes, and give them a great customer experience. 

![image info](../../../static/img/q4/step1.png)

:::info Open

The “Open” list is where your team member will be replying to messages privately. An admin will be able to view and reply to the same message. 

:::

![image info](../../../static/img/q4/step2.png)

:::info Close

Once a team member has successfully solved a customer’s inquiries, moved the message over to the “Close” list.

:::

Step 2: When you have made the customer feel happy and satisfied, hover to and select the **CLOSE** button.

![image info](../../../static/img/q4/step3.png)
