docs/how-it-works/Chat/q5.md, before:

---
sidebar_label: Create or link an Active Profile
---
# How do I create or link an Active Profile inside the chat page?

Once an **Active Profile** is created, you have enabled features, automation & insights and will be able to view their history messages.
Any messages which are **non-Active Profiles** will be removed from the portal after 24 hours. 

:::tip Red Font

If a profile name appears in red with a hazard symbol, it means that the contact is a non-Active Profile in your database. An Active Profile in the database will appear in Black Font.

:::

Step 1: Select the **BUILD PROFILE** button to **Create New Profile** or **Link to An Existing Profile**.

![image info](../../../static/img/q5/step1.png)

Step 2: **Create New Profile** - Fill in all the required information about your customer. 

![image info](../../../static/img/q5/step2.png)

**Link to An Existing Profile** - Search & select your existing **Active Profile** to merge as a sub-profile. 

![image info](../../../static/img/q5/step3.png)

Commit message:

Change images with pointers (dots)
Header -2pts,
added intro image,
list margin adjusted,
updated faqs pages

docs/how-it-works/Chat/q5.md, after:

---
sidebar_label: Create or Link an Active Profile
---
# How do I create or link an Active Profile inside the chat page?

Once an **Active Profile** is created, you have enabled features, automation & insights and will be able to view their history messages.
Any messages which are a **non-Active Profiles** will be removed from the portal after 24 hours. 

:::tip Red Font

If a profile name appears in red with a hazard symbol, it represents a non-Active Profile in your database. An Active Profile in the database will appear in Black Font.

:::

Step 1: Select the **BUILD PROFILE** button to **Create New Profile** or **Link to An Existing Profile**. This is only be done in the **Open** list. 

![image info](../../../static/img/q5/step1.png)

Step 2: **Create New Profile** - Fill in all the required information about your customer. The more you know, the better customer experience you can build.  

![image info](../../../static/img/q5/step2.png)

**Link to An Existing Profile** - search & select your existing **Active Profile** and merge it as a sub-profile. Now messages from multiple channels will be shown in a single view.  


![image info](../../../static/img/q5/step3.png)
