docs/how-it-works/Bridge/q3.md, before:

---
sidebar_label: Multiple social channels in Rych
---

# How do I connect my Social Media accounts into my Rych account?

Step 1: Click on the **Bridge<sup>\*</sup>** word on the menu bar.

> ### Bridge

> Bridging is where you connect your social accounts to your rych account. Just scan the QR code that will appear in your screen through the app you prefer and get started messaging your customers through that channel.

![image info](../../../static/img/q3/step1.jpg)

Step 2: Select the channel that you wish to bridge and click **Login** then scan the QR code that is displayed on the screen(applies to Telegram,WhatsApp).

![image info](../../../static/img/q3/step2.jpg)

Step 3: The green Connected status will appear on the screen, indicating that your channel bridging is successful.

![image info](../../../static/img/q3/step3.jpg)

> ### Please Note :
> To bridge **Instagram**, you must turn off 2 Factor Authentication (2FA) to be able to connect Instagram. As for **Whatsapp** You must join **Multi-device beta prior to scan QR code.**

Commit message:

How to bridge whatsapp and telegram key note is added.

docs/how-it-works/Bridge/q3.md, after:

---
sidebar_label: Multiple social channels in Rych
---

# How do I connect my Social Media accounts into my Rych account?

Step 1: Click on the **Bridge<sup>\*</sup>** word on the menu bar.

> ### Bridge

> Bridging is where you connect your social accounts to your rych account. Just scan the QR code that will appear in your screen through the app you prefer and get started messaging your customers through that channel.

![image info](../../../static/img/q3/step1.jpg)

Step 2: Select the channel that you wish to bridge and click **Login**<sup>\*</sup>. 
> ### Please Note :
> To bridge **Instagram**, you must turn off 2 Factor Authentication (2FA) to be able to connect Instagram. As for **Whatsapp** You must join **Multi-device beta prior to scan QR code.**

![image info](../../../static/img/q3/step2.jpg)

Step 3: The green Connected status will appear on the screen, indicating that your channel bridging is successful.

![image info](../../../static/img/q3/step3.jpg)

> ### Please Note :
> To bridge **Instagram**, you must turn off 2 Factor Authentication (2FA) to be able to connect Instagram. As for **Whatsapp** You must join **Multi-device beta prior to scan QR code.**
