docs/intro.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 1
slug: /
---

# Introduction

RYCH is an omnichannel communication cloud portal.

It is so critical these days, that every business has become a digital business. 
Consumers have experienced personalized services from other brands. 
You are only able to compete if you start by leveraging technologies and data.

Our vision is to allow our customers to aggregate multiple communication channels in a single portal
Easily integrate data from individual silos. 
Generate insights for your planning & decision-making.


# Who is RYCH users?

SMEs of a digital-native startup who is born & breeds on the cloud, from small mom-and-pop to traditional businesses who are on their digital transformation journey are our potential customers. 

Businesses are putting effort into becoming a digital business

The objective is to become an **engagement-driven** business. 

and **invite your team members**.


# What are RYCH key features?

i) Professional Support Chat
ii) Team Chat Collaboration
iii) Active Profiles
iv) Hash Tagging
v) Insights
vi) Mobility


# Let's start our journey to becoming an engagement-driven business with **RYCH**

Commit message:

Change images with pointers (dots)
Header -2pts,
added intro image,
list margin adjusted,
updated faqs pages

docs/intro.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 1
slug: /
---

# Why RYCH?

RYCH is an omnichannel communication cloud portal.

It is so critical these days, that every business has become a **digital business**. 
Consumers have experienced personalized services from other brands and you are only able to compete if you start by leveraging technologies and data.

Our vision is to allow our customers to **aggregate** multiple communication channels in a single portal so we can easily **integrate** data from individual silos to **generating** insights for your planning & decision-making.


# Who is suitable to use RYCH?

SMEs of a digital-native startup who is born & breed on the cloud, from small mom-and-pop to traditional businesses who are on their **digital transformation** journey are our potential customers. 

Businesses are putting effort into becoming a digital business.

The objective is to become an **engagement-driven** business. 


# What are RYCH key drivers?

1. Bridging multiple channels
2. Enabling external & internal chat
3. Profiling database



![image info](../static/img/intro4.png)

# Let's start our journey to becoming an engagement-driven business with **RYCH**
